Update publishing-java-packages-with-gradle.md (#8049)
github/docs: content/actions/guides/publishing-java-packages-with-gradle.md

```
{% endraw %}

> With this configuration, you can create a workflow that publishes your package to the Maven Central Repository by running the `gradle publish` command. In the deploy step, you’ll also need to set environment variables for the username and password or token that you use to authenticate to the Maven repository. For more information, see "[Creating and using encrypted secrets](/github/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/creating-and-using-encrypted-secrets)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, you can create a workflow that publishes your package to the Maven Central Repository by running the `gradle publish` command. In the deploy step, you’ll need to set environment variables for the username and password or token that you use to authenticate to the Maven repository. For more information, see "[Creating and using encrypted secrets](/github/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/creating-and-using-encrypted-secrets)."
```

```
{% endraw %}

> With this configuration, you can create a workflow that publishes your package to GitHub Packages by running the `gradle publish` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, you can create a workflow that publishes your package to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} by running the `gradle publish` command.
```

Reviewer 2: Ezzel a konfigurációval a `gradle publish` parancs futtatásával létrehozhat egy munkafolyamatot, amely a Maven Central Repository-ban és a {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}-ban is közzéteszi a csomagot
